oh I plan on going to Korea soon just
like do a Korea boot camp and see if I
can get challenger there I'm gonna go
like the last season of LCS so last
season of these last last week of the
season excuse me so I can like get some
really try hard Korean so like II
especially cuz all the pros are gonna be
there cuz world's so it should be a good
time
well the show match is done I'm joined
right now by yah so talk a little bit
about how everything went here at the NA
LCS finals 2018 with coverage presented
by Omni slash yeah so so what take me
through that match through that game
what was that experience like for you it
was a good experience I think coming
into it like we decided like we're gonna
play for fun but also we want to win
because winning is fun we don't want to
lose on stage especially we know Tyler's
never gonna shut about bragging rights
so we needed to win so I think the first
plan was just me picking Yasuo just to
dominate mid lane and then we were just
having fun on the sidelines like
mordekaiser blitz rise top talon jungle
it all worked out so it's a good time
yeah I gotta say you guys had some LCS
pros that you were facing a interesting
experience and and you guys still came
out on top so I mean do you feel like
you guys were always favored or was this
an upset I think we're definitely
favored because they had freak and Tyler
bought Lane and then they also had like
sure they had Matt LCS like he's not too
good player but he's like mid lane so
they even got three free kills like at
level one but it didn't really matter
too much because I think we just had
like the better team have you have you
met Tyler one before yeah I mean Tyler
like we have like online beef like we
just mess around each other like friends
but it's just funny like you mess around
with each other like some bands are here
and there is it cool having that because
I think this is the first eSports event
he's gone to right yeah I think this
first time arrives brought him out just
especially after all the toxicity and
stuff it's pretty cool like he's finally
back so yeah I mean it for me I was
talking some of the guys it's so funny
cuz I remember a time where like nobody
could really mention him now he's like
on stage next to freak playing it's kind
of cool to see him come out what was uh
what was the did you guys to do much
analysis or did you guys try it all to
have like a conversation for your team
before you you faced off with their team
or with your team like did you like
planned on how to deal with them and all
this stuff now our plan was basically
just put QD ATC and the rest of us would
just fill like I know when they asked us
like what roles we want to play
I asked us we're just like just put his
fill and then we got on stage we're like
all right like they're the team's not
that bad so let's just like they're like
a bunch of like challenger players sure
like the table jungle-like but we knew
was for fun so it didn't really matter
like you've always just playing the rise
table doing this thing what do you think
of the event here
I thought the 3rd place was pretty good
it's like pretty drawn out and like
zillion games are really boring
obviously I don't know what I'll say
about like games no one wants to watch
that especially when a game went to game
fives aliens picked like 4 out of 5
games but it's so cool to see like the
audience and the fans like go crazy
yeah a lot of the streamers we caught
this on broadcast they were they were
you guys were talking about going for
Berens so you could everyone could miss
their flights I know a lot of the guys
were running off two flights but you
decided to stick around why why not fly
out tonight I wanted to watch the LCS
finals I don't want to miss out
especially Team Liquid c9 like maybe the
other teams made it that weren't looking
too good but team I can see and I both
look really solid and then also I didn't
make a CLG vs TSM I think season 5
finals so I didn't want to like miss out
on that and regret it again so I wanted
to check out this one for sure it's cool
that you really seem to follow the
eSports side who do you think is gonna
win tomorrow that's a really hard one I
think it's like it's really close but
honest I'd probably give it to c9 like
I've been predicting 6040 I'd say c9
Team Liquid 6040 are you in that same
camp outside like 55 45 but yes around
there you think it's even closer than I
think I just it feels like c9 has been
like every is hyping them up so much
that's hard not to feel that momentum
behind them other than that what are you
up to these days just I saw you we were
at the streamer event last week but
how's life how streaming how's
everything going on in your world
everything's good I'm basically just a
full time stream I've been streaming as
much as possible especially the last
upcoming monster trying to grind more
and more trying to like make it up to
those top streamer numbers oh I plan on
going to Korea soon I just like do a
Korea boot camp and see if I can hit
Challenger there I'm gonna go like the
last season of LCS so last season of
these last last week of the season
excuse me so I can like get some really
try hard Korean so lucky especially
because all the pros are gonna be there
cuz world's so it should be a good time
is there anything that you would say to
any of the fans out there that's my best
advice I ain't a lot so I think that's
that's probably my best advice I'm being
a hypocrite though well hey it's as do
as I say
as I do I I guess out the end here so
thank you so much for the interview
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of my courage of all things eSports
right here on my youtube channel hope
you enjoyed the interview we're all done
now at finals gauntlets coming up super
hype I want to thank Romney / so much
for their support of the content that
I've been making throughout this whole
year including the smiles it's so great
thank you for your support please sub to
the YouTube channel if you haven't
because they know a lot of you haven't I
think half of you haven't watching this
video based off some stats that I've
seen you follow me on Twitch all that
stuff is in the description again thanks
so much to all me / and thanks for
watching